Update README.md (#180)
margaritahumanitarian/helpafamily: README.md

## Contributing and installation

> If you would like to help us with this project you can learn more [here](https://margaritahumanitarian.gitbook.io/help-a-family-manual/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to help us with this project you can learn more from our [Help-a-Family Manual](https://margaritahumanitarian.gitbook.io/help-a-family-manual/) and our [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.
```
